try-catch blocks require brackets for one statements, unlike iterative statements

Simplified code to read / print whole text file.
while(readFile.hasNextLine() )
	System.out.println(readFile.nextLine()) ;

.contains(String s) works for strings, not for chars, and checks to see if the object is being called on has s.

Can't be dereferenced error comes from calling methods on a primitive data type.

|| and && must be on the same line if both the chars are being used at once.

Will give a may not be initialized if the initialization is in a for loop or if statement.

Printing a boolean will print true or false

If there are two methods, with the varying signature factor being the parameter, where they both are related (such as
a parent-child object), then when it is called with the child data type, it will work and call the signature of the 
child. However, if it is passed in with the parent data type, there will be a compilation error.

If you have a parent class declaration initialized with a child:
Polymorphic calls (on methods) will only work if the parent class has the same method, and it is overridden
in the child. If the child does not have the method or the method is static in the parent class, then the parent's
method is called.

Non-static cannot be referenced from static context does not apply to parameters which are passed in to static methods.

Overflow - range out of the values for that type

Interfaces cannot implement other interfaces, only extend.

Reserved words: enum, protected, static, case, finally, throw(s), package, native, volatile, transient, synchronized,
assert

Can create an interface object, but not abstract class one.

Case statements in switch are like Python control statements.

The second optional parameter for FileWriter, when passed as true, allows appending. PrintWriter can put a FileWriter
for its parameter in order to append.

Overriding is making a new method with the parents' exactly like the parents such that it can be polymorphically 
called. Overloading is giving the same name in the same class, but putting in different parameters. Overwriting is 
unrelated, and it is changing info, typically in a text file. 